.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!--
  PULL REQUEST TEMPLATE
  ---
  Please use English language
  Please don't delete this template
  ---
  Update "[ ]" to "[x]" to check a box in any list below.
  ---
  To avoid wasting your time, it's best to open a **feature request issue** first and wait for approval before working on it.
-->

## **Summary**

<!--
 THIS IS REQUIRED! Please describe what the change does and why it should be merged.
-->

<!--
  If changing the UI in any way, please provide the a **before/after** screenshot:
-->

## **What kind of change does this PR introduce?**

<!--
  Copy/paste one of the following options:
-->

<!--
  Bugfix
  Feature
  Code style update
  Refactor
  Docs
  Build-related changes
  Repo settings
  Other
-->

<!--
  If you chose Other, please describe.
-->

## **For any code change,**

- [ ] Related documentation has been updated if needed
- [ ] Related tests have been updated or tests have been added

## **Does this PR introduce a breaking change?** (check one)

- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

If yes, please describe the impact and migration path for existing applications:

## **Related issue, if any:**

<!-- Paste issue's link or number hashtag here. -->

## **Tested in the following browsers:**

- [ ] Chrome
- [ ] Firefox
- [ ] Safari
- [ ] Edge

Commit message:

Ensure code format (#2138)
* chore: add missing Vue support for Vercel builds

* refactor: move some functions and module-level state into classes as private methods and properties to start to encapsulate Docsify

Also some small tweaks:

- move initGlobalAPI out of Docsify.js to start to encapsulate Docsify
- move ajax to utils folder
- fix some type definitions and improve content in some JSDoc comments
- use concise class field syntax
- consolidate duplicate docsify-ignore comment removal code

This handles a task in [Simplify and modernize Docsify](https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify/issues/2104), as well as works towards [Encapsulating Docsify](https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify/issues/2135).

* chore: add prettier code format check to our lint script, and add a prettier script for manually formatting the whole code base

* chore: update issue/pr templates

* chore: apply our format to the whole code base


---------

Co-authored-by: Koy <koy@ko8e24.top>
Co-authored-by: i544693 <369491420@qq.com>

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!--
  Please write in English.
  Please follow the template, all sections are required.
  Consider opening a feature request first to get your change idea approved.
-->

## Summary

<!--
Describe what the change does and why it should be merged.
Provide **before/after** screenshots for any UI changes.
-->

## Related issue, if any:

<!-- Paste issue's link or number hashtag here. -->

## What kind of change does this PR introduce?

<!--
  Copy/paste any of the relevant following options:

  Bugfix
  Feature
  Code style update
  Refactor
  Docs
  Build-related changes
  Repo settings
  Other

  If you choose Other, describe it.
-->

## For any code change,

<!-- (Change "[ ]" to "[x]" to check a box.) -->

- [ ] Related documentation has been updated, if needed
- [ ] Related tests have been added or updated, if needed

## Does this PR introduce a breaking change?

<!-- (pick one) -->

Yes
No

<!-- If yes, describe the impact and migration path for existing applications. -->

## Tested in the following browsers:

- [ ] Chrome
- [ ] Firefox
- [ ] Safari
- [ ] Edge
