README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://docsify.js.org">
    <img alt="docsify" src="./media/docsify.png">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  A magical documentation site generator.
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/QingWei-Li/docsify"><img alt="Travis Status" src="https://img.shields.io/travis/rust-lang/rust/master.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/docsify"><img alt="npm" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/docsify.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/vuejs/vue"><img alt="code style" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-vue-orange.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
</p>

## Links
- [Documentation](https://docsify.js.org)
- [CLI](https://github.com/QingWei-Li/docsify-cli)

## Features
- Simple and lightweight (~13kB gzipped)
- Multiple themes
- Not build static html files
- Support emoji :laughing:

## Quick start
Create a `index.html`.

index.html

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="//unpkg.com/docsify/themes/vue.css">
</head>
<body>
  <div id="app"></div>
</body>
<script src="//unpkg.com/docsify"></script>
</html>
```

## CDN
- UNPKG [https://unpkg.com/docsify/](https://unpkg.com/docsify/)
- jsDelivr [http://www.jsdelivr.com/projects/docsify](http://www.jsdelivr.com/projects/docsify)

## Browser Support

Modern browsers and Internet Explorer 9+.

## Showcase
These open-source projects are using docsify to generate their sites. Pull requests welcome : )

- [docsify](https://docsify.js.org) - A magical documentation site generator.
- [Snipaste](https://docs.snipaste.com/) - A new way to boost your productivity.
- [puck](https://puck.zz173.com/) - A small & magical php framework.
- [Samaritan](http://samaritan.stockdb.org) - An Algorithmic Trading Framework for Digital Currency.
- [Vudash](http://vudash.github.io/vudash/) - Powerful, Flexible, Open Source dashboards for anything
- [Trilogy](http://trilogy.js.org) - No-hassle SQLite with a Promise-based, document store style API.

## Similar projects
- [docute](https://github.com/egoist/docute) - 📜 Effortlessly documentation done right
- [docpress](https://github.com/docpress/docpress) - Documentation website generator

## Contributing

- Fork it!
- Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
- Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
- Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
- Submit a pull request :D


## Development

```bash
npm i && npm run dev
open http://localhost:3000
```

## More Language Highlight

```html
<script src="//unpkg.com/docsify"></script>
<script src="//unpkg.com/prismjs/components/prism-bash.js"></script>
<script src="//unpkg.com/prismjs/components/prism-php.js"></script>
```

## License
MIT

Commit message:

add showcase of Mybatis-Plus (#69)
add a showcase

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://docsify.js.org">
    <img alt="docsify" src="./media/docsify.png">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  A magical documentation site generator.
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/QingWei-Li/docsify"><img alt="Travis Status" src="https://img.shields.io/travis/rust-lang/rust/master.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/docsify"><img alt="npm" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/docsify.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/vuejs/vue"><img alt="code style" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-vue-orange.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
</p>

## Links
- [Documentation](https://docsify.js.org)
- [CLI](https://github.com/QingWei-Li/docsify-cli)

## Features
- Simple and lightweight (~13kB gzipped)
- Multiple themes
- Not build static html files
- Support emoji :laughing:

## Quick start
Create a `index.html`.

index.html

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="//unpkg.com/docsify/themes/vue.css">
</head>
<body>
  <div id="app"></div>
</body>
<script src="//unpkg.com/docsify"></script>
</html>
```

## CDN
- UNPKG [https://unpkg.com/docsify/](https://unpkg.com/docsify/)
- jsDelivr [http://www.jsdelivr.com/projects/docsify](http://www.jsdelivr.com/projects/docsify)

## Browser Support

Modern browsers and Internet Explorer 9+.

## Showcase
These open-source projects are using docsify to generate their sites. Pull requests welcome : )

- [docsify](https://docsify.js.org) - A magical documentation site generator.
- [Snipaste](https://docs.snipaste.com/) - A new way to boost your productivity.
- [puck](https://puck.zz173.com/) - A small & magical php framework.
- [Samaritan](http://samaritan.stockdb.org) - An Algorithmic Trading Framework for Digital Currency.
- [Vudash](http://vudash.github.io/vudash/) - Powerful, Flexible, Open Source dashboards for anything
- [Trilogy](http://trilogy.js.org) - No-hassle SQLite with a Promise-based, document store style API.
- [Mybatis-Plus](http://mp.baomidou.com/) - An enhanced toolkit of Mybatis to simplify development

## Similar projects
- [docute](https://github.com/egoist/docute) - 📜 Effortlessly documentation done right
- [docpress](https://github.com/docpress/docpress) - Documentation website generator

## Contributing

- Fork it!
- Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
- Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
- Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
- Submit a pull request :D


## Development

```bash
npm i && npm run dev
open http://localhost:3000
```

## More Language Highlight

```html
<script src="//unpkg.com/docsify"></script>
<script src="//unpkg.com/prismjs/components/prism-bash.js"></script>
<script src="//unpkg.com/prismjs/components/prism-php.js"></script>
```

## License
MIT
