docs/cdn.md, before:

# CDN

Recommended: [jsDelivr](//cdn.jsdelivr.net), which will reflect the latest version as soon as it is published to npm. You can also browse the source of the npm package at [cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify/](//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify/).

## Latest version

```html
<!-- load css -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify/themes/vue.css">

<!-- load script -->
<script src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify/lib/docsify.js"></script>
```

Alternatively, use [compressed files](#compressed-file).

## Specific version

```html
<!-- load css -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4.10.2/themes/vue.css">

<!-- load script -->
<script src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4.10.2/lib/docsify.js"></script>
```

## Compressed file

```html
<!-- load css -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify/lib/themes/vue.css">

<!-- load script -->
<script src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify/lib/docsify.min.js"></script>
```

```html
<!-- load css -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4.10.2/lib/themes/vue.css">

<!-- load script -->
<script src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4.10.2/lib/docsify.min.js"></script>
```

## Other CDN

- https://www.bootcdn.cn/docsify/
- https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify/
- https://cdnjs.com/libraries/docsify
- https://unpkg.com/browse/docsify/

Commit message:

add versions to all CDN link examples to prevent people from making websites that are at risk of breaking changes to Docsify, make it clear that the recommended approach is to use full versions in URLs, and fix formatting in any files that were modified

docs/cdn.md, after:

# CDN

Recommended: [jsDelivr](//cdn.jsdelivr.net). You can also browse the source of the npm package at [cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify/](//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify/).

## Specific version (RECOMMENDED)

```html
<!-- load css -->
<link
  rel="stylesheet"
  href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4.12.2/lib/themes/vue.css"
/>

<!-- load script -->
<script src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4.12.2/lib/docsify.min.js"></script>
```

## Latest version (_NOT_ RECOMMENDED!)

We highly recommend you do **not** use this method.

Using the latest version can break your app when docsify is updated due to
breaking changes, either when accidental bugs are introduced, or when a new
major version is realeased with altered features.

```html
<!-- load css -->
<link
  rel="stylesheet"
  href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify/lib/themes/vue.css"
/>

<!-- load script -->
<script src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify/lib/docsify.min.js"></script>
```

## Uncompressed files for debugging

```html
<!-- load css -->
<link
  rel="stylesheet"
  href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4.12.2/themes/vue.css"
/>

<!-- load script -->
<script src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4.12.2/lib/docsify.js"></script>
```

## Other CDNs

- https://www.bootcdn.cn/docsify/
- https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify/
- https://cdnjs.com/libraries/docsify
- https://unpkg.com/browse/docsify/
