docs/configuration.md, before:

# Configuration

You can configure the `window.$docsify`.

```html
<script>
  window.$docsify = {
    repo: 'docsifyjs/docsify',
    maxLevel: 3,
    coverpage: true,
  };
</script>
```

## el

- Type: `String`
- Default: `#app`

The DOM element to be mounted on initialization. It can be a CSS selector string or an actual HTMLElement.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  el: '#app',
};
```

## repo

- Type: `String`
- Default: `null`

Configure the repository url or a string of `username/repo` can add the [GitHub Corner](http://tholman.com/github-corners/) widget in the top right corner of the site.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  repo: 'docsifyjs/docsify',
  // or
  repo: 'https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify/',
};
```

## maxLevel

- Type: `Number`
- Default: `6`

Maximum Table of content level.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  maxLevel: 4,
};
```

## loadNavbar

- Type: `Boolean|String`
- Default: `false`

Loads navbar from the Markdown file `_navbar.md` if **true**, or else from the path specified.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  // load from _navbar.md
  loadNavbar: true,

  // load from nav.md
  loadNavbar: 'nav.md',
};
```

## loadSidebar

- Type: `Boolean|String`
- Default: `false`

Loads sidebar from the Markdown file `_sidebar.md` if **true**, or else from the path specified.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  // load from _sidebar.md
  loadSidebar: true,

  // load from summary.md
  loadSidebar: 'summary.md',
};
```

## hideSidebar

- Type : `Boolean`
- Default: `true`

This option will completely hide your sidebar and wont render any content of the side even .

```js
window.$docsify = {
  hideSidebar: true,
};
```

## subMaxLevel

- Type: `Number`
- Default: `0`

Add table of contents (TOC) in custom sidebar.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  subMaxLevel: 2,
};
```

## auto2top

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `false`

Scrolls to the top of the screen when the route is changed.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  auto2top: true,
};
```

## homepage

- Type: `String`
- Default: `README.md`

`README.md` in your docs folder will be treated as homepage for your website, but sometimes you may need to serve another file as your homepage.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  // Change to /home.md
  homepage: 'home.md',

  // Or use the readme in your repo
  homepage:
    'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docsifyjs/docsify/master/README.md',
};
```

## basePath

- Type: `String`

Base path of the website. You can set it to another directory or another domain name.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  basePath: '/path/',

  // Load the files from another site
  basePath: 'https://docsify.js.org/',

  // Even can load files from other repo
  basePath:
    'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ryanmcdermott/clean-code-javascript/master/',
};
```

## relativePath

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `false`

If **true** links are relative to the current context.

For example, the directory structure is as follows:

```text
.
└── docs
    ├── README.md
    ├── guide.md
    └── zh-cn
        ├── README.md
        ├── guide.md
        └── config
            └── example.md
```

With relative path **enabled** and current URL `http://domain.com/zh-cn/README`, given links will resolve to:

```text
guide.md              => http://domain.com/zh-cn/guide
config/example.md     => http://domain.com/zh-cn/config/example
../README.md          => http://domain.com/README
/README.md            => http://domain.com/README
```

```js
window.$docsify = {
  // Relative path enabled
  relativePath: true,

  // Relative path disabled (default value)
  relativePath: false,
};
```

## coverpage

- Type: `Boolean|String|String[]|Object`
- Default: `false`

Activate the [cover feature](cover.md). If true, it will load from `_coverpage.md`.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  coverpage: true,

  // Custom file name
  coverpage: 'cover.md',

  // mutiple covers
  coverpage: ['/', '/zh-cn/'],

  // mutiple covers and custom file name
  coverpage: {
    '/': 'cover.md',
    '/zh-cn/': 'cover.md',
  },
};
```

## logo

- Type: `String`

Website logo as it appears in the sidebar, you can resize by CSS.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  logo: '/_media/icon.svg',
};
```

## name

- Type: `String`

Website name as it appears in the sidebar.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  name: 'docsify',
};
```

The name field can also contain custom HTML for easier customization:

```js
window.$docsify = {
  name: '<span>docsify</span>',
};
```

## nameLink

- Type: `String`
- Default: `window.location.pathname`

The name of the link.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  nameLink: '/',

  // For each route
  nameLink: {
    '/zh-cn/': '/zh-cn/',
    '/': '/',
  },
};
```

## markdown

- Type: `Function`

See [Markdown configuration](markdown.md).

```js
window.$docsify = {
  // object
  markdown: {
    smartypants: true,
    renderer: {
      link: function() {
        // ...
      },
    },
  },

  // function
  markdown: function(marked, renderer) {
    // ...
    return marked;
  },
};
```

## themeColor

- Type: `String`

Customize the theme color. Use [CSS3 variables](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_variables) feature and polyfill in old browser.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  themeColor: '#3F51B5',
};
```

## alias

- Type: `Object`

Set the route alias. You can freely manage routing rules. Supports RegExp.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  alias: {
    '/foo/(+*)': '/bar/$1', // supports regexp
    '/zh-cn/changelog': '/changelog',
    '/changelog':
      'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docsifyjs/docsify/master/CHANGELOG',
    '/.*/_sidebar.md': '/_sidebar.md', // See #301
  },
};
```

## autoHeader

- type: `Boolean`

If `loadSidebar` and `autoHeader` are both enabled, for each link in `_sidebar.md`, prepend a header to the page before converting it to html. Compare [#78](https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify/issues/78).

```js
window.$docsify = {
  loadSidebar: true,
  autoHeader: true,
};
```

## executeScript

- type: `Boolean`

Execute the script on the page. Only parse the first script tag([demo](themes)). If Vue is present, it is turned on by default.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  executeScript: true,
};
```

```markdown
## This is test

<script>
  console.log(2333)
</script>
```

Note that if you are running an external script, e.g. an embedded jsfiddle demo, make sure to include the [external-script](plugins.md?id=external-script) plugin.

## noEmoji

- type: `Boolean`

Disabled emoji parse.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  noEmoji: true,
};
```

?> If this options is `false` but you dont want to emojify some specific colons , [Refer this](https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify/issues/742#issuecomment-586313143)

## mergeNavbar

- type: `Boolean`

Navbar will be merged with the sidebar on smaller screens.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  mergeNavbar: true,
};
```

## formatUpdated

- type: `String|Function`

We can display the file update date through **{docsify-updated<span>}</span>** variable. And format it by `formatUpdated`.
See https://github.com/lukeed/tinydate#patterns

```js
window.$docsify = {
  formatUpdated: '{MM}/{DD} {HH}:{mm}',

  formatUpdated: function(time) {
    // ...

    return time;
  },
};
```

## externalLinkTarget

- type: `String`
- default: `_blank`

Target to open external links inside the markdown. Default `'_blank'` (new window/tab)

```js
window.$docsify = {
  externalLinkTarget: '_self', // default: '_blank'
};
```

## cornerExternalLinkTarget

- type:`String`
- default:`_blank`

Target to open external link at the top right corner. Default `'_blank'` (new window/tab)

```js
window.$docsify = {
  cornerExternalLinkTarget: '_self', // default: '_blank'
};
```

## externalLinkRel

- type: `String`
- default: `noopener`

Default `'noopener'` (no opener) prevents the newly opened external page (when [externalLinkTarget](#externallinktarget) is `'_blank'`) from having the ability to control our page. No `rel` is set when its not `'_blank'`.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  externalLinkTarget: '', // default: 'noopener'
};
```

## routerMode

- type: `String`
- default: `hash`

```js
window.$docsify = {
  routerMode: 'history', // default: 'hash'
};
```

## noCompileLinks

- type: `Array`

Sometimes we do not want docsify to handle our links. See [#203](https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify/issues/203)

```js
window.$docsify = {
  noCompileLinks: ['/foo', '/bar/.*'],
};
```

## onlyCover

- type: `Boolean`

Only coverpage is loaded when visiting the home page.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  onlyCover: false,
};
```

## requestHeaders

- type: `Object`

Set the request resource headers.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  requestHeaders: {
    'x-token': 'xxx',
  },
};
```

Such as setting the cache

```js
window.$docsify = {
  requestHeaders: {
    'cache-control': 'max-age=600',
  },
};
```

## ext

- type: `String`

Request file extension.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  ext: '.md',
};
```

## fallbackLanguages

- type: `Array<string>`

List of languages that will fallback to the default language when a page is request and didn't exists for the given local.

Example:

- try to fetch the page of `/de/overview`. If this page exists, it'll be displayed
- then try to fetch the default page `/overview` (depending on the default language). If this page exists, it'll be displayed
- then display 404 page.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  fallbackLanguages: ['fr', 'de'],
};
```

## notFoundPage

- type: `Boolean` | `String` | `Object`

Load the `_404.md` file:

```js
window.$docsify = {
  notFoundPage: true,
};
```

Load the customised path of the 404 page:

```js
window.$docsify = {
  notFoundPage: 'my404.md',
};
```

Load the right 404 page according to the localisation:

```js
window.$docsify = {
  notFoundPage: {
    '/': '_404.md',
    '/de': 'de/_404.md',
  },
};
```

> Note: The options with fallbackLanguages didn't work with the `notFoundPage` options.

## topMargin

- type: `Number`
- default: `0`

Adds a space on top when scrolling content page to reach the selected section. This is useful in case you have a _sticky-header_ layout and you want to align anchors to the end of your header.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  topMargin: 90, // default: 0
};
```

Commit message:

update doc for adding sidebarAbsolutePath configuration option

docs/configuration.md, after:

# Configuration

You can configure the `window.$docsify`.

```html
<script>
  window.$docsify = {
    repo: 'docsifyjs/docsify',
    maxLevel: 3,
    coverpage: true,
  };
</script>
```

## el

- Type: `String`
- Default: `#app`

The DOM element to be mounted on initialization. It can be a CSS selector string or an actual HTMLElement.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  el: '#app',
};
```

## repo

- Type: `String`
- Default: `null`

Configure the repository url or a string of `username/repo` can add the [GitHub Corner](http://tholman.com/github-corners/) widget in the top right corner of the site.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  repo: 'docsifyjs/docsify',
  // or
  repo: 'https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify/',
};
```

## maxLevel

- Type: `Number`
- Default: `6`

Maximum Table of content level.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  maxLevel: 4,
};
```

## loadNavbar

- Type: `Boolean|String`
- Default: `false`

Loads navbar from the Markdown file `_navbar.md` if **true**, or else from the path specified.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  // load from _navbar.md
  loadNavbar: true,

  // load from nav.md
  loadNavbar: 'nav.md',
};
```

## loadSidebar

- Type: `Boolean|String`
- Default: `false`

Loads sidebar from the Markdown file `_sidebar.md` if **true**, or else from the path specified.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  // load from _sidebar.md
  loadSidebar: true,

  // load from summary.md
  loadSidebar: 'summary.md',
};
```

## hideSidebar

- Type : `Boolean`
- Default: `true`

This option will completely hide your sidebar and wont render any content of the side even .

```js
window.$docsify = {
  hideSidebar: true,
};
```

## subMaxLevel

- Type: `Number`
- Default: `0`

Add table of contents (TOC) in custom sidebar.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  subMaxLevel: 2,
};
```

## auto2top

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `false`

Scrolls to the top of the screen when the route is changed.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  auto2top: true,
};
```

## homepage

- Type: `String`
- Default: `README.md`

`README.md` in your docs folder will be treated as homepage for your website, but sometimes you may need to serve another file as your homepage.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  // Change to /home.md
  homepage: 'home.md',

  // Or use the readme in your repo
  homepage:
    'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docsifyjs/docsify/master/README.md',
};
```

## basePath

- Type: `String`

Base path of the website. You can set it to another directory or another domain name.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  basePath: '/path/',

  // Load the files from another site
  basePath: 'https://docsify.js.org/',

  // Even can load files from other repo
  basePath:
    'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ryanmcdermott/clean-code-javascript/master/',
};
```

## relativePath

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `false`

If **true** links are relative to the current context.

For example, the directory structure is as follows:

```text
.
└── docs
    ├── README.md
    ├── guide.md
    └── zh-cn
        ├── README.md
        ├── guide.md
        └── config
            └── example.md
```

With relative path **enabled** and current URL `http://domain.com/zh-cn/README`, given links will resolve to:

```text
guide.md              => http://domain.com/zh-cn/guide
config/example.md     => http://domain.com/zh-cn/config/example
../README.md          => http://domain.com/README
/README.md            => http://domain.com/README
```

```js
window.$docsify = {
  // Relative path enabled
  relativePath: true,

  // Relative path disabled (default value)
  relativePath: false,
};
```

## sidebarAbsolutePath

In some case, you have only one sidebar.md in your project. But you may put doc files in different directories. You can set `sidebarAbsolutePath` to be `true`, so that it will automaticly make the given `loadSidebar` to be the only one to point at.

It should works with `loadSidebar`. If you do not set `loadSidebar`, don't set this option any more.

It works well with `relativePath` and `basePath`. You do not need to worry about the path conflict.

## coverpage

- Type: `Boolean|String|String[]|Object`
- Default: `false`

Activate the [cover feature](cover.md). If true, it will load from `_coverpage.md`.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  coverpage: true,

  // Custom file name
  coverpage: 'cover.md',

  // mutiple covers
  coverpage: ['/', '/zh-cn/'],

  // mutiple covers and custom file name
  coverpage: {
    '/': 'cover.md',
    '/zh-cn/': 'cover.md',
  },
};
```

## logo

- Type: `String`

Website logo as it appears in the sidebar, you can resize by CSS.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  logo: '/_media/icon.svg',
};
```

## name

- Type: `String`

Website name as it appears in the sidebar.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  name: 'docsify',
};
```

The name field can also contain custom HTML for easier customization:

```js
window.$docsify = {
  name: '<span>docsify</span>',
};
```

## nameLink

- Type: `String`
- Default: `window.location.pathname`

The name of the link.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  nameLink: '/',

  // For each route
  nameLink: {
    '/zh-cn/': '/zh-cn/',
    '/': '/',
  },
};
```

## markdown

- Type: `Function`

See [Markdown configuration](markdown.md).

```js
window.$docsify = {
  // object
  markdown: {
    smartypants: true,
    renderer: {
      link: function() {
        // ...
      },
    },
  },

  // function
  markdown: function(marked, renderer) {
    // ...
    return marked;
  },
};
```

## themeColor

- Type: `String`

Customize the theme color. Use [CSS3 variables](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_variables) feature and polyfill in old browser.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  themeColor: '#3F51B5',
};
```

## alias

- Type: `Object`

Set the route alias. You can freely manage routing rules. Supports RegExp.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  alias: {
    '/foo/(+*)': '/bar/$1', // supports regexp
    '/zh-cn/changelog': '/changelog',
    '/changelog':
      'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docsifyjs/docsify/master/CHANGELOG',
    '/.*/_sidebar.md': '/_sidebar.md', // See #301
  },
};
```

## autoHeader

- type: `Boolean`

If `loadSidebar` and `autoHeader` are both enabled, for each link in `_sidebar.md`, prepend a header to the page before converting it to html. Compare [#78](https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify/issues/78).

```js
window.$docsify = {
  loadSidebar: true,
  autoHeader: true,
};
```

## executeScript

- type: `Boolean`

Execute the script on the page. Only parse the first script tag([demo](themes)). If Vue is present, it is turned on by default.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  executeScript: true,
};
```

```markdown
## This is test

<script>
  console.log(2333)
</script>
```

Note that if you are running an external script, e.g. an embedded jsfiddle demo, make sure to include the [external-script](plugins.md?id=external-script) plugin.

## noEmoji

- type: `Boolean`

Disabled emoji parse.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  noEmoji: true,
};
```

?> If this options is `false` but you dont want to emojify some specific colons , [Refer this](https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify/issues/742#issuecomment-586313143)

## mergeNavbar

- type: `Boolean`

Navbar will be merged with the sidebar on smaller screens.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  mergeNavbar: true,
};
```

## formatUpdated

- type: `String|Function`

We can display the file update date through **{docsify-updated<span>}</span>** variable. And format it by `formatUpdated`.
See https://github.com/lukeed/tinydate#patterns

```js
window.$docsify = {
  formatUpdated: '{MM}/{DD} {HH}:{mm}',

  formatUpdated: function(time) {
    // ...

    return time;
  },
};
```

## externalLinkTarget

- type: `String`
- default: `_blank`

Target to open external links inside the markdown. Default `'_blank'` (new window/tab)

```js
window.$docsify = {
  externalLinkTarget: '_self', // default: '_blank'
};
```

## cornerExternalLinkTarget

- type:`String`
- default:`_blank`

Target to open external link at the top right corner. Default `'_blank'` (new window/tab)

```js
window.$docsify = {
  cornerExternalLinkTarget: '_self', // default: '_blank'
};
```

## externalLinkRel

- type: `String`
- default: `noopener`

Default `'noopener'` (no opener) prevents the newly opened external page (when [externalLinkTarget](#externallinktarget) is `'_blank'`) from having the ability to control our page. No `rel` is set when its not `'_blank'`.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  externalLinkTarget: '', // default: 'noopener'
};
```

## routerMode

- type: `String`
- default: `hash`

```js
window.$docsify = {
  routerMode: 'history', // default: 'hash'
};
```

## noCompileLinks

- type: `Array`

Sometimes we do not want docsify to handle our links. See [#203](https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify/issues/203)

```js
window.$docsify = {
  noCompileLinks: ['/foo', '/bar/.*'],
};
```

## onlyCover

- type: `Boolean`

Only coverpage is loaded when visiting the home page.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  onlyCover: false,
};
```

## requestHeaders

- type: `Object`

Set the request resource headers.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  requestHeaders: {
    'x-token': 'xxx',
  },
};
```

Such as setting the cache

```js
window.$docsify = {
  requestHeaders: {
    'cache-control': 'max-age=600',
  },
};
```

## ext

- type: `String`

Request file extension.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  ext: '.md',
};
```

## fallbackLanguages

- type: `Array<string>`

List of languages that will fallback to the default language when a page is request and didn't exists for the given local.

Example:

- try to fetch the page of `/de/overview`. If this page exists, it'll be displayed
- then try to fetch the default page `/overview` (depending on the default language). If this page exists, it'll be displayed
- then display 404 page.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  fallbackLanguages: ['fr', 'de'],
};
```

## notFoundPage

- type: `Boolean` | `String` | `Object`

Load the `_404.md` file:

```js
window.$docsify = {
  notFoundPage: true,
};
```

Load the customised path of the 404 page:

```js
window.$docsify = {
  notFoundPage: 'my404.md',
};
```

Load the right 404 page according to the localisation:

```js
window.$docsify = {
  notFoundPage: {
    '/': '_404.md',
    '/de': 'de/_404.md',
  },
};
```

> Note: The options with fallbackLanguages didn't work with the `notFoundPage` options.

## topMargin

- type: `Number`
- default: `0`

Adds a space on top when scrolling content page to reach the selected section. This is useful in case you have a _sticky-header_ layout and you want to align anchors to the end of your header.

```js
window.$docsify = {
  topMargin: 90, // default: 0
};
```
