docs/cover.md, before:

# Cover

Activate the cover feature by setting `coverpage` to **true**. See [coverpage configuration](configuration.md#coverpage).

## Basic usage

Set `coverpage` to **true**, and create a `_coverpage.md`:

```html
<!-- index.html -->

<script>
  window.$docsify = {
    coverpage: true,
  };
</script>
<script src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/dist/docsify.min.js"></script>
```

```markdown
<!-- _coverpage.md -->

![logo](_media/icon.svg)

# docsify <small>3.5</small>

> A magical documentation site generator.

- Simple and lightweight
- No statically built html files
- Multiple themes

[GitHub](https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify/)
[Get Started](#docsify)
```

## Custom background

The background color is generated randomly by default. You can customize the background color or a background image:

```markdown
<!-- _coverpage.md -->

# docsify <small>3.5</small>

[GitHub](https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify/)
[Get Started](#quick-start)

<!-- background image -->

![](_media/bg.png)

<!-- background color -->

![color](#f0f0f0)
```

## Coverpage as homepage

Normally, the coverpage and the homepage appear at the same time. Of course, you can also separate the coverpage by [onlyCover option](configuration.md#onlycover).

## Multiple covers

If your docs site is in more than one language, it may be useful to set multiple covers.

For example, your docs structure is like this

```text
.
└── docs
    ├── README.md
    ├── guide.md
    ├── _coverpage.md
    └── zh-cn
        ├── README.md
        └── guide.md
        └── _coverpage.md
```

Now, you can set

```js
window.$docsify = {
  coverpage: ['/', '/zh-cn/'],
};
```

Or a special file name

```js
window.$docsify = {
  coverpage: {
    '/': 'cover.md',
    '/zh-cn/': 'cover.md',
  },
};
```

Commit message:

Update cover page and themes docs

docs/cover.md, after:

# Cover

Activate the cover feature by setting `coverpage` to **true**. See [coverpage configuration](configuration.md#coverpage).

## Basic usage

Set `coverpage` to **true**, and create a `_coverpage.md`:

```js
window.$docsify = {
  coverpage: true,
};
```

```markdown
<!-- _coverpage.md -->

![logo](_media/icon.svg)

# docsify

> A magical documentation site generator

- Simple and lightweight
- No statically built HTML files
- Multiple themes

[GitHub](https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify/)
[Get Started](#docsify)
```

## Customization

The cover page can be customized using [theme properties](themes#theme-properties):

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
:root {
  --cover-bg         : url('path/to/image.png');
  --cover-bg-overlay : rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);
  --cover-color      : #fff;
  --cover-title-color: var(--color-primary);
  --cover-title-font : 600 var(--font-size-xxxl) var(--font-family);
}
```

Alternatively, a background color or image can be specified in the cover page markdown.

```markdown
<!-- background color -->

![color](#f0f0f0)
```

```markdown
<!-- background image -->

![](_media/bg.png)
```

## Coverpage as homepage

Normally, the coverpage and the homepage appear at the same time. Of course, you can also separate the coverpage by [`onlyCover`](configuration.md#onlycover) option.

## Multiple covers

If your docs site is in more than one language, it may be useful to set multiple covers.

For example, your docs structure is like this

```text
.
└── docs
    ├── README.md
    ├── guide.md
    ├── _coverpage.md
    └── zh-cn
        ├── README.md
        └── guide.md
        └── _coverpage.md
```

Now, you can set

```js
window.$docsify = {
  coverpage: ['/', '/zh-cn/'],
};
```

Or a special file name

```js
window.$docsify = {
  coverpage: {
    '/': 'cover.md',
    '/zh-cn/': 'cover.md',
  },
};
```
