docs/deploy.md, before:

# Deploy

Similar to [GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com), you can deploy files to GitHub Pages, GitLab Pages or VPS.

## GitHub Pages

There are three places to populate your docs for your GitHub repository:

- `docs/` folder
- main branch
- gh-pages branch

It is recommended that you save your files to the `./docs` subfolder of the `main` branch of your repository. Then select `main branch /docs folder` as your GitHub Pages source in your repository's settings page.

![GitHub Pages](_images/deploy-github-pages.png)

!> You can also save files in the root directory and select `main branch`.
You'll need to place a `.nojekyll` file in the deploy location (such as `/docs` or the gh-pages branch)

## GitLab Pages

If you are deploying your master branch, create a `.gitlab-ci.yml` with the following script:

?> The `.public` workaround is so `cp` doesn't also copy `public/` to itself in an infinite loop.

```YAML
pages:
  stage: deploy
  script:
  - mkdir .public
  - cp -r * .public
  - mv .public public
  artifacts:
    paths:
    - public
  only:
  - master
```

!> You can replace script with `- cp -r docs/. public`, if `./docs` is your Docsify subfolder.

## Firebase Hosting

!> You'll need to install the Firebase CLI using `npm i -g firebase-tools` after signing into the [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com) using a Google Account.

Using a terminal, determine and navigate to the directory for your Firebase Project. This could be `~/Projects/Docs`, etc. From there, run `firebase init` and choose `Hosting` from the menu (use **space** to select, **arrow keys** to change options and **enter** to confirm). Follow the setup instructions.

Your `firebase.json` file should look similar to this (I changed the deployment directory from `public` to `site`):

```json
{
  "hosting": {
    "public": "site",
    "ignore": ["firebase.json", "**/.*", "**/node_modules/**"]
  }
}
```

Once finished, build the starting template by running `docsify init ./site` (replacing site with the deployment directory you determined when running `firebase init` - public by default). Add/edit the documentation, then run `firebase deploy` from the root project directory.

## VPS

Use the following nginx config.

```nginx
server {
  listen 80;
  server_name  your.domain.com;

  location / {
    alias /path/to/dir/of/docs/;
    index index.html;
  }
}
```

## Netlify

1.  Login to your [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) account.
2.  In the [dashboard](https://app.netlify.com/) page, click **New site from Git**.
3.  Choose a repository where you store your docs, leave the **Build Command** area blank, and fill in the Publish directory area with the directory of your `index.html`. For example, it should be docs if you populated it at `docs/index.html`.

### HTML5 router

When using the HTML5 router, you need to set up redirect rules that redirect all requests to your `index.html`. It's pretty simple when you're using Netlify. Just create a file named `_redirects` in the docs directory, add this snippet to the file, and you're all set:

```sh
/*    /index.html   200
```

## Vercel

1. Install [Vercel CLI](https://vercel.com/download), `npm i -g vercel`
2. Change directory to your docsify website, for example `cd docs`
3. Deploy with a single command, `vercel`

## AWS Amplify

1. Set the routerMode in the Docsify project `index.html` to _history_ mode.

```html
<script>
  window.$docsify = {
    loadSidebar: true,
    routerMode: 'history',
  };
</script>
```

2. Login to your [AWS Console](https://aws.amazon.com).
3. Go to the [AWS Amplify Dashboard](https://aws.amazon.com/amplify).
4. Choose the **Deploy** route to setup your project.
5. When prompted, keep the build settings empty if you're serving your docs within the root directory. If you're serving your docs from a different directory, customise your amplify.yml

```yml
version: 0.1
frontend:
  phases:
    build:
      commands:
        - echo "Nothing to build"
  artifacts:
    baseDirectory: /docs
    files:
      - '**/*'
  cache:
    paths: []
```

6. Add the following Redirect rules in their displayed order. Note that the second record is a PNG image where you can change it with any image format you are using.

| Source address | Target address | Type          |
| -------------- | -------------- | ------------- |
| /<\*>.md       | /<\*>.md       | 200 (Rewrite) |
| /<\*>.png      | /<\*>.png      | 200 (Rewrite) |
| /<\*>          | /index.html    | 200 (Rewrite) |

## Docker

- Create docsify files

  You need prepare the initial files instead of making them inside the container.
  See the [Quickstart](https://docsify.js.org/#/quickstart) section for instructions on how to create these files manually or using [docsify-cli](https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify-cli).

  ```sh
  index.html
  README.md
  ```

- Create Dockerfile

  ```Dockerfile
    FROM node:latest
    LABEL description="A demo Dockerfile for build Docsify."
    WORKDIR /docs
    RUN npm install -g docsify-cli@latest
    EXPOSE 3000/tcp
    ENTRYPOINT docsify serve .

  ```

  The current directory structure should be this:

  ```sh
   index.html
   README.md
   Dockerfile
  ```

- Build docker image

  ```sh
  docker build -f Dockerfile -t docsify/demo .
  ```

- Run docker image

  ```sh
  docker run -itp 3000:3000 --name=docsify -v $(pwd):/docs docsify/demo
  ```

Commit message:

docs: add stormkit as deployment platform

docs/deploy.md, after:

# Deploy

Similar to [GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com), you can deploy files to GitHub Pages, GitLab Pages or VPS.

## GitHub Pages

There are three places to populate your docs for your GitHub repository:

- `docs/` folder
- main branch
- gh-pages branch

It is recommended that you save your files to the `./docs` subfolder of the `main` branch of your repository. Then select `main branch /docs folder` as your GitHub Pages source in your repository's settings page.

![GitHub Pages](_images/deploy-github-pages.png)

!> You can also save files in the root directory and select `main branch`.
You'll need to place a `.nojekyll` file in the deploy location (such as `/docs` or the gh-pages branch)

## GitLab Pages

If you are deploying your master branch, create a `.gitlab-ci.yml` with the following script:

?> The `.public` workaround is so `cp` doesn't also copy `public/` to itself in an infinite loop.

```YAML
pages:
  stage: deploy
  script:
  - mkdir .public
  - cp -r * .public
  - mv .public public
  artifacts:
    paths:
    - public
  only:
  - master
```

!> You can replace script with `- cp -r docs/. public`, if `./docs` is your Docsify subfolder.

## Firebase Hosting

!> You'll need to install the Firebase CLI using `npm i -g firebase-tools` after signing into the [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com) using a Google Account.

Using a terminal, determine and navigate to the directory for your Firebase Project. This could be `~/Projects/Docs`, etc. From there, run `firebase init` and choose `Hosting` from the menu (use **space** to select, **arrow keys** to change options and **enter** to confirm). Follow the setup instructions.

Your `firebase.json` file should look similar to this (I changed the deployment directory from `public` to `site`):

```json
{
  "hosting": {
    "public": "site",
    "ignore": ["firebase.json", "**/.*", "**/node_modules/**"]
  }
}
```

Once finished, build the starting template by running `docsify init ./site` (replacing site with the deployment directory you determined when running `firebase init` - public by default). Add/edit the documentation, then run `firebase deploy` from the root project directory.

## VPS

Use the following nginx config.

```nginx
server {
  listen 80;
  server_name  your.domain.com;

  location / {
    alias /path/to/dir/of/docs/;
    index index.html;
  }
}
```

## Netlify

1.  Login to your [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) account.
2.  In the [dashboard](https://app.netlify.com/) page, click **New site from Git**.
3.  Choose a repository where you store your docs, leave the **Build Command** area blank, and fill in the Publish directory area with the directory of your `index.html`. For example, it should be docs if you populated it at `docs/index.html`.

### HTML5 router

When using the HTML5 router, you need to set up redirect rules that redirect all requests to your `index.html`. It's pretty simple when you're using Netlify. Just create a file named `_redirects` in the docs directory, add this snippet to the file, and you're all set:

```sh
/*    /index.html   200
```

## Vercel

1. Install [Vercel CLI](https://vercel.com/download), `npm i -g vercel`
2. Change directory to your docsify website, for example `cd docs`
3. Deploy with a single command, `vercel`

## AWS Amplify

1. Set the routerMode in the Docsify project `index.html` to _history_ mode.

```html
<script>
  window.$docsify = {
    loadSidebar: true,
    routerMode: 'history',
  };
</script>
```

2. Login to your [AWS Console](https://aws.amazon.com).
3. Go to the [AWS Amplify Dashboard](https://aws.amazon.com/amplify).
4. Choose the **Deploy** route to setup your project.
5. When prompted, keep the build settings empty if you're serving your docs within the root directory. If you're serving your docs from a different directory, customise your amplify.yml

```yml
version: 0.1
frontend:
  phases:
    build:
      commands:
        - echo "Nothing to build"
  artifacts:
    baseDirectory: /docs
    files:
      - '**/*'
  cache:
    paths: []
```

6. Add the following Redirect rules in their displayed order. Note that the second record is a PNG image where you can change it with any image format you are using.

| Source address | Target address | Type          |
| -------------- | -------------- | ------------- |
| /<\*>.md       | /<\*>.md       | 200 (Rewrite) |
| /<\*>.png      | /<\*>.png      | 200 (Rewrite) |
| /<\*>          | /index.html    | 200 (Rewrite) |

## Stormkit

1.  Login to your [Stormkit](https://www.stormkit.io) account.
2.  Using the user interface, import your docsify project from one of the three supported Git providers (GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket).
3.  Navigate to the project’s production environment in Stormkit or create a new environment if needed.
4.  Verify the build command in your Stormkit configuration. By default, Stormkit CI will run npm run build but you can specify a custom build command on this page.
5.  Click the “Deploy Now” button to deploy your site.

Read more in the [Stormkit Documentation](https://stormkit.io/docs).

## Docker

- Create docsify files

  You need prepare the initial files instead of making them inside the container.
  See the [Quickstart](https://docsify.js.org/#/quickstart) section for instructions on how to create these files manually or using [docsify-cli](https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify-cli).

  ```sh
  index.html
  README.md
  ```

- Create Dockerfile

  ```Dockerfile
    FROM node:latest
    LABEL description="A demo Dockerfile for build Docsify."
    WORKDIR /docs
    RUN npm install -g docsify-cli@latest
    EXPOSE 3000/tcp
    ENTRYPOINT docsify serve .

  ```

  The current directory structure should be this:

  ```sh
   index.html
   README.md
   Dockerfile
  ```

- Build docker image

  ```sh
  docker build -f Dockerfile -t docsify/demo .
  ```

- Run docker image

  ```sh
  docker run -itp 3000:3000 --name=docsify -v $(pwd):/docs docsify/demo
  ```
