docs/themes.md, before:

# Themes

Docsify's is designed to work with two types of theme resources:

- [**Core Themes:**](#core) A complete collection of CSS rules that style all Docsify site elements (cover, navbar, sidebar, markdown content, etc.). A core theme is required to render a Docsify site. Core themes do not require by may be used with other themes or add-ons.
- [**Theme Add-ons:**](#add-ons) A partial collection of CSS rules used to customize a core theme using [theme properties](#theme-property) values and/or style declarations. Add-ons require the use of a core theme and can often (but not always) be used with other add-ons.

?> Separating the "core" styles needed to render a Docsify site from the "add-on" styles typically associated with theming provides several important benefits. For site administrators, the ability to use the official "core" theme with multiple add-ons provides both stability and flexibility. For Docsify maintainers and community contributors, the separation simplifies and expedites maintenance and the delivery of new customizations with significantly less code.

## Core

Docsify offers one "core" theme. This theme contains styles and [theme properties](#theme-properties) needed to render a Docsify site. The core theme can serve as a minimalist theme on its own, enhanced using [add-ons](#add-ons), or as a starting point for [customization](#customization).

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" checked disabled>
  Preview Core (Required)
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Core Theme -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/core.min.css" />
```

## Add-ons

The following add-ons are designed to be used with the Docsify [Core](#core) theme.

### Core Dark (Add-on)

Dark mode styles for the Docsify [Core](#core) theme. Styles can conditionally be applied only when an operating system's dark mode is active by specifying a `media` attribute.

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="core-dark" data-theme data-group="theme">
  Preview Core Dark
</label>
<br>
<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="core-dark-auto" data-theme data-group="theme">
  Preview Core Dark (Dark Mode Only)
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Core Dark (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/addons/core-dark.min.css" />
```

```html
<!-- Core Dark / Dark Mode Only (add-on) -->
<link
  rel="stylesheet"
  href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/addons/core-dark.min.css"
  media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"
/>
```

### Sidebar Chevrons (Add-on)

Adds expand/collapse icons to page links in the sidebar.

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="sidebar-chevrons-right" data-theme data-group="sidebar-chevrons"> Preview Chevrons Right
</label>
<br>
<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="sidebar-chevrons-left" data-theme data-group="sidebar-chevrons"> Preview Chevrons Left
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Sidebar Chevrons Right (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/addons/sidebar-chevrons-right.min.css" />
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Sidebar Chevrons Left (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/addons/sidebar-chevrons-left.min.css" />
```

### Sidebar Groups (Add-on)

Adds styling to sidebar link groups.

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="sidebar-group-box" data-theme data-group="sidebar-group"> Preview Group Box
</label>
<br>
<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="sidebar-group-underline" data-theme data-group="sidebar-group"> Preview Group Underline
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Sidebar Group Box (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/addons/sidebar-group-box.min.css" />
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Sidebar Group Underline (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/addons/sidebar-group-underline.min.css" />
```

<details>
  <summary><h3>Legacy themes</h3></summary>

The following Docsify v4 themes have been converted to theme add-ons for use with the Docsify v5 [Core](#core) theme.

!> These legacy themes have been deprecated and will be removed in the next major version of Docsify.

#### Buble (Add-on)

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="buble" data-theme data-group="theme">
  Preview Buble
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Buble theme (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/buble.min.css" />
```

#### Dark (Add-on)

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="dark" data-theme data-group="theme">
  Preview Dark
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Dark theme (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/dark.min.css" />
```

#### Dolphin (Add-on)

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="dolphin" data-theme data-group="theme">
  Preview Dolphin
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Dolphin theme (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/dolphin.min.css" />
```

#### Pure (Add-on)

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="pure" data-theme data-group="theme">
  Preview Pure
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Pure theme (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/pure.min.css" />
```

#### Vue Theme (Add-on)

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="vue" data-theme data-group="theme">
  Preview Vue
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Vue Theme (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/addons/vue.min.css" />
```

</details>

## Community

The Docsify team endorses the following third-party themes:

- [docsify-themeable](https://jhildenbiddle.github.io/docsify-themeable) - A delightfully simple theme system for docsify. Provided by [@jhildenbiddle](https://github.com/jhildenbiddle).

See [Awesome Docsify](awesome) for additional community themes.

## Customization

Docsify provides [theme properties](#theme-properties) for simplified customization of frequently modified styles.

1. Add a `<style>` tag after the theme stylesheet in your `index.html`.

   <!-- prettier-ignore -->
   ```html
   <!-- Theme -->
   <link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/core.min.css" />

   <!-- Custom theme styles -->
   <style>
     :root {
       /* ... */
     }
   </style>
   ```

   Theme properties can also be set on a per-page basis in markdown.

   ```markdown
   # My Heading

   Hello, World!

   <style>
     :root {
       /* ... */
     }
   </style>
   ```

2. Set custom [theme properties](#theme-properties) within a `:root` declaration.

   <!-- prettier-ignore -->
   ```css
   :root {
     --theme-color: red;
     --font-size  : 15px;
     --line-height: 1.5;
   }
   ```

   Custom [theme properties](#theme-properties) can be conditionally applied in light and/or dark mode.

   <!-- prettier-ignore -->
   ```css
   /* Light and dark mode */
   :root {
     --theme-color: pink;
   }

   /* Light mode only */
   @media (prefers-color-scheme: light) {
     :root {
       --color-bg  : #eee;
       --color-text: #444;
     }
   }

   /* Dark mode only */
   @media screen and (prefers-color-scheme: dark) {
     :root {
       --color-bg  : #222;
       --color-text: #ddd;
     }
   }
   ```

3. Custom fonts can be used by adding web font resources and modifying `--font-family` properties as needed:

   <!-- prettier-ignore -->
   ```css
   /* Fonts: Noto Sans, Noto Emoji, Noto Mono */
   @import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Noto+Color+Emoji&family=Noto+Sans+Mono:wght@100..900&family=Noto+Sans:ital,wght@0,100..900;1,100..900&display=swap');

   :root {
     --font-family      : 'Noto Sans', sans-serif;
     --font-family-emoji: 'Noto Color Emoji', sans-serif;
     --font-family-mono : 'Noto Sans Mono', monospace;
   }
   ```

   ?> **Theme authors**: Consider providing instructions for loading your recommended web fonts manually instead of including them in your theme using `@import`. This allows users who prefer a different font to avoid loading your recommended web font(s) unnecessarily.

4. Advanced styling may require custom CSS declarations. This is expected, however custom CSS declarations may break when new versions of Docsify are released. When possible, leverage [theme properties](#theme-properties) instead of custom declarations or lock your [CDN](cdn) URLs to a [specific version](cdn#specific-version) to avoid potential issues when using custom CSS declarations.

   ```css
   .sidebar li.active > a {
     border-right: 3px solid var(--theme-color);
   }
   ```

## Theme Properties

The following properties are available in all official Docsify themes. Default values for the "Core" theme are shown.

?> **Theme and plugin authors**: We encourage you to leverage these custom theme properties and to offer similar customization options in your projects.

#### Common

Below are the most commonly modified theme properties. [Advanced](#advanced) theme properties are also available for use but typically do not need to be modified.

**TBD**

<!-- TODO: Replace with include from CDN /src/themes/shared/_vars.css -->

#### Advanced

Advanced theme properties are also available for use but typically do not need to be modified. Values derived from [common](#common) theme properties but can be set explicitly if preferred.

**TBD**

<!-- TODO: Replace with include from CDN /src/themes/shared/_vars-advanced.css -->

<script>
  (function() {
    const previewElms = Docsify.dom.findAll('input[data-theme]');
    const previewSheets = Docsify.dom.findAll('link[rel="stylesheet"][data-theme]');

    function handleChange(e) {
      const elm = e.target.closest('[data-theme]')
      const themeVal = elm.value
      const themeSheet = previewSheets.find(sheet => sheet.getAttribute('data-theme') === themeVal);
      const groupAttr = 'data-group';
      const groupVal = elm.getAttribute(groupAttr);

      themeSheet && (themeSheet.disabled = !elm.checked);

      if (!elm.checked) {
        return;
      }

      let groupSheets;

      if (groupVal) {
        const groupElms = previewElms
          .filter(elm => elm.getAttribute(groupAttr) === groupVal);
        const groupVals = groupElms
          .map(elm => elm.value);

        groupSheets = groupVals
          .map(val => previewSheets.find(sheet => sheet.getAttribute('data-theme') === val))
          .filter(sheet => sheet);

        groupElms.forEach(groupElm => {
          if (groupElm !== elm) {
            groupElm.checked = false;
          }
        });
      }

      (groupSheets || previewSheets).forEach(sheet => {
        sheet.disabled = !themeVal || sheet.getAttribute('data-theme') !== themeVal;
      });
    };

    // Toggle active preview elms
    previewSheets.forEach(sheet => {
      const themeVal = sheet.getAttribute('data-theme');
      const previewElm = previewElms.find(elm => elm.value === themeVal);

      previewElm && (previewElm.checked = !sheet.disabled);
    });

    previewElms.forEach(elm => elm.addEventListener('change', handleChange));
  }());
</script>

Commit message:

Add no-chevron class to sidebar-chevron addons

docs/themes.md, after:

# Themes

Docsify's is designed to work with two types of theme resources:

- [**Core Themes:**](#core) A complete collection of CSS rules that style all Docsify site elements (cover, navbar, sidebar, markdown content, etc.). A core theme is required to render a Docsify site. Core themes do not require by may be used with other themes or add-ons.
- [**Theme Add-ons:**](#add-ons) A partial collection of CSS rules used to customize a core theme using [theme properties](#theme-property) values and/or style declarations. Add-ons require the use of a core theme and can often (but not always) be used with other add-ons.

?> Separating the "core" styles needed to render a Docsify site from the "add-on" styles typically associated with theming provides several important benefits. For site administrators, the ability to use the official "core" theme with multiple add-ons provides both stability and flexibility. For Docsify maintainers and community contributors, the separation simplifies and expedites maintenance and the delivery of new customizations with significantly less code.

## Core

Docsify offers one "core" theme. This theme contains styles and [theme properties](#theme-properties) needed to render a Docsify site. The core theme can serve as a minimalist theme on its own, enhanced using [add-ons](#add-ons), or as a starting point for [customization](#customization).

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" checked disabled>
  Preview Core (Required)
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Core Theme -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/core.min.css" />
```

## Add-ons

The following add-ons are designed to be used with the Docsify [Core](#core) theme.

### Core Dark (Add-on)

Dark mode styles for the Docsify [Core](#core) theme. Styles can conditionally be applied only when an operating system's dark mode is active by specifying a `media` attribute.

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="core-dark" data-theme data-group="theme">
  Preview Core Dark
</label>
<br>
<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="core-dark-auto" data-theme data-group="theme">
  Preview Core Dark (Dark Mode Only)
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Core Dark (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/addons/core-dark.min.css" />
```

```html
<!-- Core Dark / Dark Mode Only (add-on) -->
<link
  rel="stylesheet"
  href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/addons/core-dark.min.css"
  media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"
/>
```

### Sidebar Chevrons (Add-on)

Adds expand/collapse icons to page links in the sidebar.

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="sidebar-chevrons-right" data-theme data-group="sidebar-chevrons"> Preview Chevrons Right
</label>
<br>
<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="sidebar-chevrons-left" data-theme data-group="sidebar-chevrons"> Preview Chevrons Left
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Sidebar Chevrons Right (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/addons/sidebar-chevrons-right.min.css" />
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Sidebar Chevrons Left (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/addons/sidebar-chevrons-left.min.css" />
```

To prevent chevrons from displaying for specific page links, add a `no-chevron` class as follows:

```md
[My Page](page.md ':class=no-chevron')
```

### Sidebar Groups (Add-on)

Adds styling to sidebar link groups.

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="sidebar-group-box" data-theme data-group="sidebar-group"> Preview Group Box
</label>
<br>
<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="sidebar-group-underline" data-theme data-group="sidebar-group"> Preview Group Underline
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Sidebar Group Box (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/addons/sidebar-group-box.min.css" />
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Sidebar Group Underline (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/addons/sidebar-group-underline.min.css" />
```

<details>
  <summary><h3>Legacy themes</h3></summary>

The following Docsify v4 themes have been converted to theme add-ons for use with the Docsify v5 [Core](#core) theme.

!> These legacy themes have been deprecated and will be removed in the next major version of Docsify.

#### Buble (Add-on)

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="buble" data-theme data-group="theme">
  Preview Buble
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Buble theme (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/buble.min.css" />
```

#### Dark (Add-on)

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="dark" data-theme data-group="theme">
  Preview Dark
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Dark theme (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/dark.min.css" />
```

#### Dolphin (Add-on)

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="dolphin" data-theme data-group="theme">
  Preview Dolphin
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Dolphin theme (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/dolphin.min.css" />
```

#### Pure (Add-on)

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="pure" data-theme data-group="theme">
  Preview Pure
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Pure theme (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/pure.min.css" />
```

#### Vue Theme (Add-on)

<label>
  <input class="toggle" type="checkbox" value="vue" data-theme data-group="theme">
  Preview Vue
</label>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<!-- Vue Theme (add-on) -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/addons/vue.min.css" />
```

</details>

## Community

The Docsify team endorses the following third-party themes:

- [docsify-themeable](https://jhildenbiddle.github.io/docsify-themeable) - A delightfully simple theme system for docsify. Provided by [@jhildenbiddle](https://github.com/jhildenbiddle).

See [Awesome Docsify](awesome) for additional community themes.

## Customization

Docsify provides [theme properties](#theme-properties) for simplified customization of frequently modified styles.

1. Add a `<style>` tag after the theme stylesheet in your `index.html`.

   <!-- prettier-ignore -->
   ```html
   <!-- Theme -->
   <link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@5/themes/core.min.css" />

   <!-- Custom theme styles -->
   <style>
     :root {
       /* ... */
     }
   </style>
   ```

   Theme properties can also be set on a per-page basis in markdown.

   ```markdown
   # My Heading

   Hello, World!

   <style>
     :root {
       /* ... */
     }
   </style>
   ```

2. Set custom [theme properties](#theme-properties) within a `:root` declaration.

   <!-- prettier-ignore -->
   ```css
   :root {
     --theme-color: red;
     --font-size  : 15px;
     --line-height: 1.5;
   }
   ```

   Custom [theme properties](#theme-properties) can be conditionally applied in light and/or dark mode.

   <!-- prettier-ignore -->
   ```css
   /* Light and dark mode */
   :root {
     --theme-color: pink;
   }

   /* Light mode only */
   @media (prefers-color-scheme: light) {
     :root {
       --color-bg  : #eee;
       --color-text: #444;
     }
   }

   /* Dark mode only */
   @media screen and (prefers-color-scheme: dark) {
     :root {
       --color-bg  : #222;
       --color-text: #ddd;
     }
   }
   ```

3. Custom fonts can be used by adding web font resources and modifying `--font-family` properties as needed:

   <!-- prettier-ignore -->
   ```css
   /* Fonts: Noto Sans, Noto Emoji, Noto Mono */
   @import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Noto+Color+Emoji&family=Noto+Sans+Mono:wght@100..900&family=Noto+Sans:ital,wght@0,100..900;1,100..900&display=swap');

   :root {
     --font-family      : 'Noto Sans', sans-serif;
     --font-family-emoji: 'Noto Color Emoji', sans-serif;
     --font-family-mono : 'Noto Sans Mono', monospace;
   }
   ```

   ?> **Theme authors**: Consider providing instructions for loading your recommended web fonts manually instead of including them in your theme using `@import`. This allows users who prefer a different font to avoid loading your recommended web font(s) unnecessarily.

4. Advanced styling may require custom CSS declarations. This is expected, however custom CSS declarations may break when new versions of Docsify are released. When possible, leverage [theme properties](#theme-properties) instead of custom declarations or lock your [CDN](cdn) URLs to a [specific version](cdn#specific-version) to avoid potential issues when using custom CSS declarations.

   ```css
   .sidebar li.active > a {
     border-right: 3px solid var(--theme-color);
   }
   ```

## Theme Properties

The following properties are available in all official Docsify themes. Default values for the "Core" theme are shown.

?> **Theme and plugin authors**: We encourage you to leverage these custom theme properties and to offer similar customization options in your projects.

#### Common

Below are the most commonly modified theme properties. [Advanced](#advanced) theme properties are also available for use but typically do not need to be modified.

**TBD**

<!-- TODO: Replace with include from CDN /src/themes/shared/_vars.css -->

#### Advanced

Advanced theme properties are also available for use but typically do not need to be modified. Values derived from [common](#common) theme properties but can be set explicitly if preferred.

**TBD**

<!-- TODO: Replace with include from CDN /src/themes/shared/_vars-advanced.css -->

<script>
  (function() {
    const previewElms = Docsify.dom.findAll('input[data-theme]');
    const previewSheets = Docsify.dom.findAll('link[rel="stylesheet"][data-theme]');

    function handleChange(e) {
      const elm = e.target.closest('[data-theme]')
      const themeVal = elm.value
      const themeSheet = previewSheets.find(sheet => sheet.getAttribute('data-theme') === themeVal);
      const groupAttr = 'data-group';
      const groupVal = elm.getAttribute(groupAttr);

      themeSheet && (themeSheet.disabled = !elm.checked);

      if (!elm.checked) {
        return;
      }

      let groupSheets;

      if (groupVal) {
        const groupElms = previewElms
          .filter(elm => elm.getAttribute(groupAttr) === groupVal);
        const groupVals = groupElms
          .map(elm => elm.value);

        groupSheets = groupVals
          .map(val => previewSheets.find(sheet => sheet.getAttribute('data-theme') === val))
          .filter(sheet => sheet);

        groupElms.forEach(groupElm => {
          if (groupElm !== elm) {
            groupElm.checked = false;
          }
        });
      }

      (groupSheets || previewSheets).forEach(sheet => {
        sheet.disabled = !themeVal || sheet.getAttribute('data-theme') !== themeVal;
      });
    };

    // Toggle active preview elms
    previewSheets.forEach(sheet => {
      const themeVal = sheet.getAttribute('data-theme');
      const previewElm = previewElms.find(elm => elm.value === themeVal);

      previewElm && (previewElm.checked = !sheet.disabled);
    });

    previewElms.forEach(elm => elm.addEventListener('change', handleChange));
  }());
</script>
